feat: Allow setting extension path for Windows and Linux (#1403)
tauri-apps/wry: .changes/extension-path.md

---
"wry": "patch"
---

> Add `with_extension_path` API to Windows and Linux.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add `WebViewBuilder::with_extension_path` API on Windows and Linux.
```
